Automatically create HomeKit accessory mode entries (#16535)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/homekit.markdown

### Accessory mode

When exposing a Camera or Television media player (a `media_player` with device class `tv`) to HomeKit, `mode` must be set to `accessory`, and the include filter should be setup to only include a single entity. 

To quickly add all accessory modes entities in the UI:

> 1. Create a new bridge via the UI (i.e., **Configuration** >> **Integrations**).

Reviewer: Look at this little trick 😉 

```suggestion
1. Create a new bridge via the UI (i.e., **{% my config_flow_start title="Configuration >> Integrations" domain=page.ha_domain %}**).
```

Author: Nice!

2. Select `media_player` and `camera` domains.
3. Complete the flow as normal.
4. Additional HomeKit entries for each entity that must operate in accessory mode will be created for each entity that does not already have one. 
5. If you have already created another HomeKit bridge for the non-accessory mode entities, the new bridge can safely be removed.
6. [Pair each bridge or accessory](#setup).

To add a single entity in accessory mode:

> 1. Create a new bridge via the UI (i.e., **Configuration** >> **Integrations**)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create a new bridge via the UI (i.e., **{% my config_flow_start title="Configuration >> Integrations" domain=page.ha_domain %}**)
```

### Resetting when created via YAML

>  1. Delete the `HomeKit` integration in the **Integrations** screen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 1. Delete the `HomeKit` integration in the **{% my integrations %}** screen.
```

#### HomeKit stalls or devices respond slowly with many cameras

> HomeKit camera snapshots tie up the HomeKit connection while the snapshot is being taken. To avoid this problem, create a seperate `HomeKit` instance in [Accessory Mode](#mode) for each camera.

Author: ```suggestion
HomeKit camera snapshots tie up the HomeKit connection during snapshots. To avoid this problem, create a separate `HomeKit` instance in [Accessory Mode](#mode) for each camera.
```
